User-shared networks and network permissions (#258)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/networking.rst

by using techniques such as security groups, which is supported only in
Basic zones or Advanced Zones with Security Groups.

> -  Shared Networks are created by the the end users, however network offerings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Shared Networks are created by the the end users or the administrator. Network offerings
```

Author: thanks @nvazquez 
committed
